All right.
Last little bit of nit picking from me.
We're going to add in just a little bit more indentation to each of these individual tests once we start
to add an additional test files.
It's going to be a lot easier to read everything that's going on.
Once everything is indented just a little bit more so to do so we'll find all the console logs that
print out success or fail.
We're going to put in a tab character right before each one it's a back over here.
I'll find inside the IT function.
Here's the console logs we have right before the okay.
I'll put backslash T right before the Excel put backslash T.
And then finally we need to essentially take the error message we get and make sure that everything
after that first line gets indented as well.
So to do so we're going to do a little bit of pre processing and the catch statement.
I'll say constant message is going to be e r dot message.
We're going to replace.
We're going to use a regular expression here.
So I going to say globally or everywhere inside the string find every new line character and replace
it with a new line followed by two tab characters like so and then inside of chalked red read We will
change your message to instead reference the message variable that we just put together.
So again this is saying Every new line inside that error message replace that New Line character with
a new line and then two tabs to just move it all in.
Let's now save this flip back over run again.
And that's definitely better OK.
So that's it for reporting.
I won't make you go through anymore.
So let's take one last pause right here.
We're going to continue brushing up our implementation and adding in a couple more features to our test
runner in just a moment.